1- Suppose that a user has many roles how it would be fixed
 	i will fix this.
	
2- the relation between permission and role it is (role id with permission id) and duplicated right?!!!
	role can contain many permission and permission can be for many role so i made a new table becuase many to many relationship
	in table RolePermission we have roleId as fk and pk and also same for permission id
	there is no duplication because both are primary key 
	roleid()pk 	permissionid (pk)
	     1   				2
              1  				3
	      2					2

ok good so name the column as permissionid not permissionsid! that's it.

3- product details table should be renamed to productprices and date is not primary key
    I will change the name, but i make productid and date both primary key so that i can save more than one price
	for same product at same date, if date is primary key and just product id is primary key than product cannot be duplicated to save
	more than one price.

Suppose that the usd market price change in the same day and i should change the price you should not has the 
ability to update you should add column isdeleted and date not PK 
or let it PK if the date contains date time with seconds.  

4- suppose that a supermaket has many phone numbers how to deal with that?!!!
	I think one phone number is enough to our bussines 

add a table we are not sure for quick updates or maintenance.

5- supermarketproducts table the three elements are pk and fk at same time.
	No just productId and supermarketid are primary key becuase product can be in differenet
         supermarket and supermarket can have more than one product (category is just foriegn key)

OK good.

6- temppermissions where is the date ?!!!! or you should rename table to userpermission

     this table is just adding some permissions for specific users and admin can remove them from this user any time

so you should rename table to userpermission not temppermission because thats means different things.

7- suppose a user has many phone numbers so how to deal with that?!!!!!!!!!!!!
     I think one phone number is enough to our bussines 

regarding 4 question fix it.